cloud: manage user profiles (#8969)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md

    3. Click **Create Filter** to confirm the changes.

> 4. Under **Step 2: Connect with a SQL client** in the dialog box, click the tab of your preferred connection method, and then connect to your cluster with the connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Connect to TiDB** dialog box displayed in "Step 2: Click **Connect**", click the tab of your preferred connection method, and then connect to your cluster with the connection string.
```

Author: "Step 2: Click **Connect**" is in the the **Connect to TiDB** dialog box.
